---
layout: post
title: What is My Dream
subtitle:
tags: thoughts
image:
show-avatar: false
social-share: false
comments: true
---
All of a sudden I realized that I have spent so much time worrying about being alive, and how the future would turn out. I actually have never really thought about what kind of dream i have, what i want out of life.

1. **Be Able to Solve Problems**. Master enough tools such that I can analyse a problem and solve it. There are so much bullshit in the world, maybe 1% of the human population get to make progress on things. I want to be one of them.
2. **Find a Productive Outlet for my Creativity**. I know I am creative, but so far it has not yield much. I hope one day I can make good use of that endowment.
3. **Mastery**. There is one thing that I can do better than does anyone else.
4. **Build a Life**.
5. **Be a balanced humanbeing**. Turns out, this might be a lot hard than I thought it would be. Chinese society are made of bunch of morbid systems. People started off as victims of that system and then they rise up to the position of power and they hold up that morbid structure. I don't want to have to reshape myself in order to build a life, and I hope I can go through life as a relatively balanced and clear-headed humanbeing.
6. **Able to Productively engage with the world even when I am old**. Maybe my judgement, decision making process and techniques, observational skills, ability to ask poignant question, temporament, are the most important things I can get out of my existance. Those should be things of value regardless of age. I hope i can have something that is in demand even when I am older.  
